# Migrating to v3

React-Menu [v3.0.0](https://github.com/szhsin/react-menu/releases/tag/v3.0.0) is a major release that comes with a few breaking changes. This guide documents those changes and actions you might need to take. It intends to help you make a smooth migration to v3.

## Update React version to 16.14.0 or higher

React-Menu v3 is compiled using [the new JSX transform](https://reactjs.org/blog/2020/09/22/introducing-the-new-jsx-transform.html) which brings some [performance and bundle size improvements](https://github.com/reactjs/rfcs/blob/createlement-rfc/text/0000-create-element-changes.md). To support the new JSX transform, the minimal React version required is 16.14.0.

**NOTE**: the code consuming this library can continue to use the old (classic) JSX transform if you choose to do so.

## applyStatics and applyHOC removed

Keyboard navigation was re-implemented in v3 which makes it a lot easier to create wrapping components or HOC over `MenuItem` and `SubMenu`. As a result of the new implementation, `applyStatics` and `applyHOC` are no longer needed so they were removed from the library exports.

#### For component wrapping

```diff
import {
- applyStatics,
  MenuItem
} from "@szhsin/react-menu";

const MyMenuItem = (props) => {
  return (
    <div style={{ border: "2px solid" }}>
      <MenuItem
-     {...props} // props forwarding or spreading is optional and no longer required
      />
    </div>
  );
};
- applyStatics(MenuItem)(MyMenuItem);
```

#### For HOC

No need to call `applyHOC` or `applyStatics`.

```diff
const enhance = (WrappedComponent) => {
  ...
};
- const MyMenuItem = applyHOC(enhance)(MenuItem);
+ const MyMenuItem = enhance(MenuItem);

```

## Specify type="radio" on radio menu items explicitly

Menu items under a `MenuRadioGroup` had the `type` prop set to 'radio' _automatically_ in previous versions. Staring from v3, `type="radio"` should be explicitly set for a radio menu item.

```diff
- <MenuItem value="red">Red</MenuItem>
+ <MenuItem value="red" type="radio">Red</MenuItem>
```

## Specify `setDownOverflow` on overflowing menu explicitly

In previous versions, menu _automatically_ set overflow amount down to a child `MenuGroup` which has a `takeOverflow` prop. Staring from v3, a new `setDownOverflow` prop should be specified explicitly on menu.

```diff
<Menu
+ setDownOverflow
  overflow="auto">
  <MenuGroup takeOverflow>
      // many menu items causing overflow ...
  </MenuGroup>
</Menu>
```

## useMenuState return value shape changed

The return value of `useMenuState` hook has changed from an object to an array in v3. This makes it easier to use multiple `useMenuState` hooks for multiple menus in the same component.

```diff
- const { toggleMenu, ...menuProps } = useMenuState({ transition: true });
+ const [menuProps, toggleMenu] = useMenuState({ transition: true });

<ControlledMenu {...menuProps} anchorRef={ref}>
</ControlledMenu>
```

A complete example can be found at https://szhsin.github.io/react-menu#use-menu-state

## Menu item `active` state removed

The internal, self-managed [`active` state](https://szhsin.github.io/react-menu-v2/#hover-active) in menu items has been removed to reduce bundle size. The state doesn't offer much value in practice and can be largely replaced by the [`:active` CSS pseudo-class](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/:active). The [`hover` state](https://szhsin.github.io/react-menu#hover-item) will keep working as usual and is not going away.

## `styles` prop removed from all components

The [`styles` prop](https://szhsin.github.io/react-menu-v2/#styles-prop) (a superset of the plain `style` prop) in all components has been removed to reduce bundle size. The prop doesn't offer much value in practice because inline styles are discouraged for heavy customisations. The `style` prop will still exist on every component and it will be forwarded directly to internal DOM elements without any processing.
